An excellent example of one who gave of his time and energy is Brother Max Larson.
He served at World Headquarters for over 72 years until his death in 2011.
He saw firsthand many exciting developments in our modern-day history.
In this archive interview, please observe how Brother Larson trusted in Jehovah's direction.
The photograph was part of our work back at that time.
Had records of the time made them material dissolving in water.
And out in Washington state you get a lot of rain.
And one drop on that record and it'll hit it room to record.
So we had to try to keep out of the rain and then we started playing a record and started
out.
Something said that religion is a snare in a racket that kind of gives people attention.
It served very well for them to find a probation for carrying on-the- ministry work used
in every day.
Especially when in the special pioneer work, that's 200 hours a month, it keeps it pretty
busy.
I did that four months before I came to Bethel and all that time I used to photograph.
Back in the Depression day did a lot of trading.
So this day I traded for books for a big bag of pairs.
Like, he owned about 9 to 30, I stayed up in the attic getting a ball in there for the
Al Hoffman.
It was one of the noinons and he was the district overseer in that trailer.
So I went over to him and asked him like, he has some pairs and he said, oh, my teacher
love to have some pairs.
He said, come on in.
So he says sit down.
He says, you ever think about the Bible house?
I said, what's that?
That's what they call Bethel at the time.
He started explaining Bethel.
He said to seven and a half hours of those so wonderful hearing about Bethel, I was so excited
about it.
So instead of going up and going to Bethel, I went up in my room, got my paper and pencil,
I wrote the letters of society, asked for a Bethel application, but I mailed the letter
and it would come back to Bethel.
So I kept in mind every day and prayer to Jehovah.
And four months I got my call.
Very short letter, a couple of few lines.
We have your application and come right away we can use you.
So then those days you didn't get on a plane and ride.
You get on a bus.
There were six days, six nights on a bus in the wintertime, blizzard in Montana, blizzard
in North Dakota, and I'm finally out to New York.
Well, first assignment brother, the North took me down to the shipping department.
So he had me tying cartons for a week.
And then brother, the North came down and took me up to the press room.
And he said, we're getting a new press in three months.
The Colorado is going to run that, now if you can learn to run this, you can operate.
Soon three months while I was operating, I operated for a year and a half.
And then one day brother, the North came down again after a year and a half and
hired a life to work in the office.
Well, brother, the North, that's the last job I would think.
So then he started introducing me to type work I had to do.
And then he's made a statement I never forgot and still using.
If you want to spoil a manager and give him death's work, a manager belongs to the people
are, works being done.
You go through this plant twice a day, so learn to do that.
So then I did that for his assistant being trained for a year and a half.
And then one night, everybody gone home.
It's an open office.
His death's about 15 feet from mine.
And he said, I just got a call.
Papi just went home.
I was going to call from San Diego, Papi was rather for the die.
He didn't send him more for a minute to then produce the well.
And he says, Max, I'll have to stay over at 124 and take care of the world.
You take the factory.
I didn't sleep too much at night.
So I only had three years of Beth's experience.
So then from then on, I had the factory job for 59 years.
When I got this assignment, I had to be a factor of a seer with three years of experience.
I need a lot of help.
They were all very helpful to me.
There was nine departments of the factory.
Every department had an overseer and everybody was years and 90.
I go them and talk over matters, discuss things.
Different had different abilities and different fields.
If it was something on the Bible, I'd go to Brother Carl Klein.
He was the sharpest biblical.
And others, different matters.
And that's what pulled me through.
I get to appreciate the depth of the anointed part of that.
None of them resented the fact that I got the job all of them in a Beth longer years.
And they're very devoted.
We had what we call janitors back there, they call them cleaners.
These two handled a factory for about 50 years,
doing all the janitor work to the anointed.
And they just treasure that's what everybody say had.
They just show their spirit they had to the anointed people.
All of us said there's no place on earth.
That equals being a Bethel, of course.
So I had that feeling.
They're one savassing what helped the states the laws,
they never thought of anything else.
We've had a good companion, a very intelligent,
a spiritual mind, a wife, a very devoted.
And it's been a great encouragement to the two to help me state Bethel.
Also those years, operating the factory constantly
and I appreciate it as a host of rights.
And I knew it's going to come out the way intended to.
To see that organization may build up.
We're fulfilling what we've prayed for.
For God's came to the comber who will be done on earth that doesn't happen.
We live without sickness, without illness, perfection of health,
peaceful conditions on earth, a paradise condition.
There's what our loving father has for us.
And that's the hope we have.
And that's what we strive for.
So be faithful to the hope of God to help other people learn about this.
We can take a great crowd with us through this tribulation.
Enjoy eternal life on a paradise earth,
on a loving rule of a heavenly government kingdom.